Metalink is a decentralized network of nodes that task is to integrate the true identity of each person in the meta-world. This is while the registration of all identities will be decentralized.
Your information includes identity, family, relatives, interest, property, etc., which is outside the blockchain.
Metallink helps you when you want to decentralize and maintain all your assets in the world of Metavars. 
Keeps your assets and identity in the real and virtual world. 
And is able to integrate your data across all meta-blockchains
Instead of creating multiple avatars for each game, Metallink lets you share one avatar.
How to distribute tokens 
Max supply = 10bn
35% = burned in 3 steps.
 20% = remain with the development team  45%  = will be made available to the public.
 Performance 
Any information you have in the Metaverses and want to integrate it through Metalink project, You need to get a native token called Mlink. 
The cost of registering,  and maintaining information will be estimated by a specific formula of MLINk tokens who The applicant must keep that amount of tokens forever.
Roadmap
 For the first year (2022) The Metallink token operates on the bsc blockchain and will initially focus on unifying the bsc-meta tokens.
In the next step (2023) as the community grows, the nodes join the other blockchains.
More details
First phase
 Create a site
 Telegram channel 
Twitter account  GitHub account (before 2022)

second phase (until march 2022):
 Introducing and advertising project in virtual and real environments. 
Advertising and token sales by local agents: 5% of all tokens are distributed in a limited way among the statistical community with the lowest price.
Third phase (form March to july 2022) :
1.Communicating with active smart contracts in the field of Metaverses To form the first nodes of information registration. 
2. Pre-sale of tokens on the site 5% of the number of tokens will be distributed through the site at a price lower than the time of sale in the exchange
3.Introduction and development of strategic activities to bsc  blockchain programs active in the field of Metaverses (lands and games) 
Forth phase
Rebuild the site (new version) (july 2022)
Distribution in exchanges
 In the first step, tokens are listed in decentralized exchanges.
Fifth phase ( from July until end of 2022):
 Loading and Consensus The first nodes containing the information of selected customers operating in different applications(bsc-meta). 
This is the first step in verifying and providing information between users and service providers.

Sixth phase ( jan 2023): Development of information storage 
infrastructure

Seventh phase (march 2023 until june 2023)
1. Launching a smart inter-chain contract to create the first data entry nodes in other blockchains. 
2. Distribution tokens in main and other exchanges. 

At the end of the second year‌;
 The Metallink project will become the first and largest decentralized network of nodes containing users Meta-information.
